What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When we initialize a repository, a .git named folder is created which keepstrack
of commits that we will make to the files in the repository.
It is needed to store the metadata of the history of commits done on the files 
located in the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The working directory contains the actual files and the repository contains the 
commited ones.
Staging area is an intermediate stage which provides us an area where we can 
select and put the files we want to commit before actually commiting them.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

We can use git diff --staged command to compare the changes between the staging
area and the most recent commit. Thus we can double check the changes before
commiting them. It is also possible to campare between staging area and the 
working directory usimg git diff command. Thus after making one logical change 
in the working directory, we add it to the stagingarea and then comapare the 
change with the prevous commit to view the change before commiting.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

The default branch is the master. Sometimes, we may want to split our commits into
various branches instead of taking a linear form. This is possible by using the git
branch "branch-name" command, which creates a new branch with the specified branch 
name. For some cases, like adding a new experimental feature or trying out a new 
language or layout may require us to add new branches, because we may not be sure
if these changes will work correctly and thus it makes sense to keep these away from
the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams make it easy for us to identify the various branches and the parent of each
commit. Viewing what commit is reachable from the current commit is possible through
diagrams.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

Merging one branch into another makes the branch to posses the features of the other
branch. The result of merging two branches is a single branch with two different 
paths to its tip from the origin. That is why it was represented like that in the
diagram.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git automatically merges two branches if there are no conflicts, i.e., the changes 
on both the branches were not on the same part of the file.
When a merge conflict arises, however, it requires the users to resolve the conflics
before commiting them.